0. Login System
    • validation for incorrect login attempts.
    <br>• Users can't enter blank credentials.

1. Dashboard
    Fully operational with no identified issues.
   
2. Members Section
    Free Member:
    Free Member: Data is correctly displayed without issues.
    Premium Member:
    Premium Member: Data is accurately presented with no errors.
    Add New Members Info:
    Add New Member Info: Functions correctly when valid data is provided.
    Deleted Members List:
    Deleted Members List: Displays correct information without any issues.
   
3. Premium Plans
    Data is accurate and functioning correctly.
   
4. Stories List
    Information is correctly displayed without errors.
   
5. Earnings List
    Fully functional and without issues.
   
6. Contact Messages
    Working properly and handling messages correctly.
   
7. General Settings
    All settings operate correctly and reflect updates.
   
8. Frontend Settings
    Choose Color: All themes apply changes correctly.
    Appearances:
      Header inputs work correctly and reflect changes.
      Pages function properly without errors.
      Footer inputs work correctly and reflect changes.
   
9. Configuration 
Profile Attributes
    Religion:
    Religion: Data fetches and updates correctly.
    Caste:
    Caste:<br> Data is retrieved and stored properly.
    SubC
    SubCaste:<br> Functions correctly.
    Language:
    Language:<br> No issues found.
    Family Value:
    Family Value:<br> Works as expected.
    Family Status:
    Family Status:<br> Displays and updates correctly.
    On Behalf:
    On Behalf:<br> Data retrieval and updates work without errors.
   
10. Profile Sections
     All inputs function correctly and save changes.
    
11. Social Media Comments
     Data is stored correctly.
    
12. Payments
     All inputs work correctly and reflect changes on save.
    
13. Email Setup
     Fully functional and handles email errors properly.
    
14. Currency Settings
     Configuration: Works properly.
     Currency: No changes can be made, and available currencies are correct.
    
15. Captcha Settings
     Unable to verify without a key, but inputs function correctly and save changes.
    
16. Google Analytics Settings
     Key verification unavailable, but settings function properly.
    
17. SMS Settings
     Twilio & Msg91: Key verification unavailable, but inputs work and save changes correctly.
    
18. FAQ Section
     Inputs function correctly and reflect changes.
    
19. Send SMS Feature
     Inputs work correctly and reflect changes.
    
20. Language Settings
     Fully functional with saved changes reflected properly.
    
21. Manage Admin Profile
     All inputs work correctly and save changes properly.
    
22. SEO Settings
     Fully functional and saves changes correctly.
    
23. Staff Panel
    All Roles:
    All Roles: New data can be added, and changes are reflected.
    Staffs Role Panel:
    Staffs Role Panel: Data updates correctly and displays changes.
    
24. Knowledge Base
    • Page shows no results and displays a 404 error.
    • Issue needs to be fixed to load data properly.
    • Content should be revised to ensure uniqueness, expanding each repetitive text to between 50 and 100 words per entry.


 Issues Identified:
1. Adding New Members
    • Names can include numerical values and symbols, which should be validated.
    • Future dates of birth can be entered, which should be restricted.
    • Contact numbers are saved as strings instead of numerical data types.
   
2. Social Media Comments
    There is no verification system to check if the provided Facebook ID exists.
   
3. Menu Sections
    The lack of a proper scroll bar makes it difficult to navigate through sections.
   
4. Send SMS Functionality
    Clicking the send button results in a blank page if the API key is unavailable. This error should be handled properly.
   
5. Website Performance
    The site experiences occasional slowdowns, requiring optimization.
   
6. Staff Panel
    Two menu options display identical data, which appears to be an error.
    
    {
        "section": "Members Section",
        "heading": "Free Member:",
        "text": "Data is correctly displayed without issues.",
        "img0": "./images/A_pages-to-jpg-0000.png"

        "heading1": "Premium Member:",
        "text1": "Data is accurately presented with no errors.",
        "img1": "./images/A_pages-to-jpg-0001.png"

        "heading2": "Add New Members Info:",
        "text2": "Functions correctly when valid data is provided.",
        "img2": "./images/A_pages-to-jpg-0002.png"

        "heading3": "Deleted Members List:",
        "text3": "Displays correct information without any issues.",
        "img3": "./images/A_pages-to-jpg-0003.png"

    } "this is an example of how to structure given data"
    
    
    
   
    
    
    
    